Re-review of the four docs (#1756)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/supported-extension-scenarios/plugins-registration.md

    link: docs/scos/dev/guidelines/keeping-a-project-upgradable/supported-extension-scenarios/modules-configuration.html
---

> Manifests support plugins registration in the dependency provider and plugins registration in the configuration files. There are multiple ways how plugins can be registered inside of the project. 

Author: I understand what to do above in fixing examples, but how should these ones be adjusted / fixed? There's no bullet point list in this document specifically

> Manifests support plugins registration in the dependency provider and plugins registration in the configuration files. There are multiple ways how plugins can be registered inside of the project. 

Reviewer: That means you should rephrase writing like "For plugin registration, do the following", as this is not quite correct. These are the examples and not quite how exactly you should act

}
```

> For ingle plugin registration with the wrap method call, use the following:

Author: ```suggestion
For single plugin registration with the wrap method call, use the following:
```

}
```

### Plugins registration in an indexed array

Manifests fully support multiple plugins registration in an indexed array. Manifests also support additional conditions for plugin registration and restrictions on the order of the plugins.

> Restrictions on the order of the plugins can be done with special annotation keys ‘before' and ‘after’. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restrictions on the order of the plugins can be done with special annotation keys `before` and `after`. 
```

> If the plugin doesn’t contain any of these keys, it will be added to the end of the plugin stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the plugin doesn’t contain any of these keys, it is added to the end of the plugin stack.
```

> If the plugin contains the ‘after' key and defined plugins in ‘after’ parameter don’t exist on the project side, the plugin will be added to the end of the plugin stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the plugin contains the `after` key and defined plugins in the `after` parameter don’t exist on the project side, the plugin is added to the end of the plugin stack.
```

> If the plugin contains the ‘before' key and defined plugins in ‘before’ parameter don’t exist on the project side, the plugin will be added as the first plugin in plugin stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the plugin contains the `before` key and defined plugins in the `before` parameter don’t exist on the project side, the plugin is added as the first plugin in plugin stack.
```

}
```

### Plugins in an associative array

> Manifests fully support multiple plugins registration in associative array. As a key you can use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manifests fully support multiple plugins registration in an associative array. As a key, you can use:
```

}
```

### Plugins in multidimensional array

> Manifests have limited support of multidimensional array. Oonly arrays that are added through the key are supported. only multidimensional arrays with up to 2 levels of depth are supported. It means that structures like the following *will not be supported*: 

Author: ```suggestion
Manifests have limited support of multidimensional array. Only arrays that are added through the key are supported. only multidimensional arrays with up to 2 levels of depth are supported. It means that structures like the following *will not be supported*: 
```

> Manifests have limited support of multidimensional array. Oonly arrays that are added through the key are supported. only multidimensional arrays with up to 2 levels of depth are supported. It means that structures like the following **will not be supported**: 

Author: ```suggestion
Manifests have limited support of multidimensional array. Oonly arrays that are added through the key are supported. only multidimensional arrays with up to 2 levels of depth are supported. It means that structures like the following *will not be supported*: 
```

}
```

### Plugins in multidimensional array

> Manifests have limited support of multidimensional array. Only arrays that are added through the key are supported. only multidimensional arrays with up to 2 levels of depth are supported. It means that structures like the following *will not be supported*: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manifests have limited support of a multidimensional array. Only arrays that are added through the key are supported. Also, only multidimensional arrays with up to 2 levels of depth are supported. It means that structures like the following are *not supported*: 
```

}
```

### Container extension

> Manifests fully support the possibility of adding plugins through container extension. Order of the plugins is **not supported** inside of the container extension. It means that before and after are **not supported** in this case.

Author: ```suggestion
Manifests fully support the possibility of adding plugins through container extension. Order of the plugins is *not supported* inside of the container extension. It means that before and after are *not supported* in this case.
```

> Multidimensional associative arrays are supported inside of the array_merge() up to 2 levels, but for its usage the wrapped functions MUST be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multidimensional associative arrays are supported inside of the `array_merge()` up to two levels, but to use them, you must use the wrapped functions.
```

}
```

## Special situations

> * If the target dependency provider class doesn’t exist in the project, it will be created and all required methods will be created automatically as well.

Reviewer: Please replace the future tense with present in this whole section
